# Predicting-Car-Acceptability-Rate
Uncle Sam owns ‘Men Junkyard’ in Farland which is a very established family business. People come in and sell their cars to Uncle Sam who disassembles them and sells the components as scrap making enough money to live, laugh and enjoy. Life is good for Uncle Sam and he has no regrets expect for his little son, Smarty who left to CA two years ago to pursue further studies in Machine Learning. Uncle Sam did not approve of his choice because he didn’t understand the work and he wished that Smarty would take up the family business and work on some ‘manly’ things rather than wasting time on computers and working with numbers. Smarty visits his family during the Christmas holidays. Upon insistence from his mother, Smarty visits the junkyard and spends one day there managing the business while Uncle Sam is running errands for Christmas celebration. Smarty notices that majority of cars brought in by people were junk and of no use. However, some of them were in acceptable condition and he thought that with some minor repairs and modifications, those cars can be reused and sold to prospective buyers. This sparked an idea in Smarty’s mind that if he could help identify which cars are in acceptable conditions, then the cars just needs to be repaired and sold, thus saving the cost of disassembling the car and the logistic cost of shipping different scrap parts for selling. Smarty wanted to help his old man and also prove to him that he can make a significant contribution to the family business and help improve its revenue. He then sets off to collect data and making a model to accurately predict the acceptability of a car to see if it can be reused/sold.
